Welcome back. Now that you know the basics underlying Google Analytics,
you're ready to learn how to evaluate your audience,
which is what we will focus on in this lesson.
We will use Google Analytics to get a better idea of who is visiting your website.
We will focus on evaluating the user's trends.
Are the visitor numbers increasing or decreasing?
We will look at who the visitors are,
what are their demographics?
Which geographic region do they visit from?
Etc. In later lessons,
we will learn how those visitors came to your website through
different marketing channels and multi-behavior on your site looks like,
including whether they converge or not.
There's quite a bit of information you can find out about
your users based on the data Google captures. Let's take a look.